
<--Entire Project Structure-->

1) It all begins in the UI where someone performs an action ...

2) Track what the action is... Using UI Javascript or UI native languages

3) Send the action to the controller.. via a post or get then controller will decide what is being requested

4) Let the controller get the data if there is data required for the action to be complete

5) Let the controller make appropriate objects and call methods.. 
5a) Map the objects to relevant Model classes
5b) Let the Model send or retrieve the data to the database via the dedicated DAL chain 

6) Let the controller return the result or result set

7) Let the controller include the web page also providing data for that web page

8) In the web page use the data requested from the Controller to fill controls  

<-- End project structure --> 

<--- Approach for new articles -->
Multiple records in database but only want to display a few? 
then use offset fetch inside of your stored procedure Eg: 
Skip first 10 rows from the sorted result set and return the remaining rows.
SELECT First Name + ' ' + Last Name FROM Employees ORDER BY First Name OFFSET 10 ROWS; 
Version 2  of the above 
 Skip first 10 rows from the sorted resultset and return next 5 rows.
SELECT First Name + ' ' + Last Name FROM Employees ORDER BY First Name OFFSET 10 ROWS FETCH NEXT 5 ROWS ONLY;
<--- End of news article approach -->
https://assets.mozilla.net/video/web-demystified/episode-0-the-web.webm

Discussion on what to fix
Need to fix radio button, I suggest we keep the buttons open and just make them different by grouping them in div tags and changing the display of the div tag to highlight
two different sections

Fixed: 
Register page-  Modal box when your register- direct you to login page.
Register page - Made combo box required forcing user to select either a main resident or normal resident
Tips and Tricks - View Tips and tricks when your looping through the existing tips and tricks
water usage - Made sure there is more than 1 record for a graph to be created 
water usage - removed using cookies, used session variables instead [NB]
water usage - made webpage scrollable if there is a need for display purposes
water usage - made date fields required if you want to generate your custom graph
Record Reading-  added styling to message recieved if user didn't add a reading successfully
View Readings  - made the date required if you want get readings for a specific time date. 

Updates requested by judges:
Fix the login and allow for usernames to be lowercase too. 
Fix the house address part and allow for text to be added, E.g: 220B Mandla Street
Recreate Home page and divert from using conflicting colors.  
Once you've added a meter reading direct to the view readings page

BUGS: 
Water charges once you reach the area statistics page. 